c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Pk2_RSVPwapp.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Pk2_RSVPwapp.pdb
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.pdb
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Pk2_RSVPwapp.dll.config
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Pk2_RSVPwapp.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Pk2_RSVPwapp.pdb
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.dll
C:\Users\Irving\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Pk2_RSVPwapp\Pk2_RSVPwapp\obj\Debug\Pk2_RSVPwapp.pdb
